README.md, before:

# seifx01-project-0

This is a dead simple todo lists app. This todo app only allow user to have maximum of 20 pending todos at any given moment. It meant to be super simple and let you focus on the items you need to get done. 

**Basic functionalities (MVP)**  
[x] display task(s) on the todo  
[x] add new task  
[x] mark/unmark task as complete  
[x] ability to hide all the completed task  
[x] remove task  
[x] edit task  
[x] empty state when there is no task  


**Edge Cases**  
[x] grammars (singular / plural)  
[x] only display hide completed items / clear completed items when there are items  
[x] limit items to max of 20  
[x] prevent user from enter the same value  
[x] prevent user from create empty task   
[ ] optimised styling on mobile   

**Advance functionalities**  
[ ] multiple todo(s)  
[ ] ability to archive todo(s)  
[ ] in-place edit  
[ ] reordering of task  
[ ] add sub-tasks  
[ ] display % of subtask completed   
[ ] automatically mark task as complete once all the sub-tasks are completed   
[ ] ability to save to local storage / firebase  
[ ] animation & styling   

**Other ideas**  
[ ] assign / remove tag(s)  
[ ] filter by tag(s)  
[ ] assign due date to task  
[ ] reminder  
[ ] search

Commit message:

multiple todo lists with task counter

README.md, after:

# seifx01-project-0

This is a dead simple todo lists app. This todo app only allow user to have maximum of 20 pending todos at any given moment. It meant to be super simple and let you focus on the items you need to get done. 

**Basic functionalities (MVP)**  
[x] display task(s) on the todo  
[x] add new task  
[x] mark/unmark task as complete  
[x] ability to hide all the completed task  
[x] remove task  
[x] edit task  
[x] empty state when there is no task  


**Edge Cases**  
[x] grammars (singular / plural)  
[x] only display hide completed items / clear completed items when there are items  
[x] limit items to max of 20  
[x] prevent user from enter the same value  
[x] prevent user from create empty task   
[ ] optimised styling on mobile   

**Advance functionalities**  
[x] multiple todo(s)  
    [x] Get the number of task to display
    [ ] Editing of todo title
[ ] ability to archive todo(s)  

[ ] ability to save to local storage / firebase  
[ ] animation & styling   

**Other ideas**  
[ ] in-place edit  
[ ] reordering of task  
[ ] add sub-tasks  
[ ] display % of subtask completed   
[ ] automatically mark task as complete once all the sub-tasks are completed   
[ ] assign / remove tag(s)  
[ ] filter by tag(s)  
[ ] assign due date to task  
[ ] reminder  
[ ] search
